Enterprise admin can login with the detail provided by Jholey ranking where they have access to the student information (stored in the database) and will be able to add department (will be stored in the department table on database). 
Enterprise admin can then register a department admin for the department made. The information is than stored in the database with the username and the department the admin belongs to.
Enterprise admin can decide the marking scheme for the ranking and publish the ranking which will be seen by students once published. This is store in result.php.
Department admin can login with the details selected by the Enterprise admin and view the data and details of the students who applied for the same department. They can access the document of student available in the database. 
Students are able to register by choosing a username and password with the email address. The details used for registering will be stored in the database and they will be able to login next time from login page using the details provided. 
Then the students are directed to fill out a form where they select the department and add on with their academic details (which are stored in the database). 
Once the enterprise admin publishes the result then the students can view the result by logging in with their details. 
Below is the supporting screenshot that are taken during testing process.
The website will be aimed to help university’s staff to rank new candidate applying for scholarship for their PHD program. Scholarships provide an opportunity for many people to earn an education. Without assistance from an outside source, students may have trouble paying for the degree they need in order to enter the workforce and become a contributing member of society. Our website will help providers streamline their acceptance process. The main aim of our website is to save the organization a time, money and effort by automating the process. It will provide a form to be filled out by the students interested in scholarship program. Jholey ranking will provides a comprehensive, yet easy-to-use, online application management solution for scholarships, grants, awards, fellowships, data collection, etc. Create, collect, analyse, and evaluate applications using our Website.

Students need to fill in their personal details along with their academic details. Since the website will be for the foreign students as well, English proficiency certificate is a must along with their academies in their faculty. After all the forms are submitted, we will rank the students eligible for the scholarship accordance to the criteria set on the website. Now the staff will have the list of the students who are more likely to get the scholarship after analysing all the detail they provided. The website will also allow student to attach any other supportive document along with their forms. Even though the rankings will not be affected by the supportive document but will keep them side to side with their names and ranking. The final ranking will be published on the web page in the estimated result date.

Many universities need submission management platform like Jholey ranking to help simplify the process of accepting, reviewing, and communicating with applicants. Lack of system like this can increase the processing time of evaluation of student.so, Universities will certainly want this system to ease the process of providing scholarship. The website for university will be responsive website, allowing users to interact from any devices without any effect on layout We will have a dynamic website which mean the websites will have multi pages. We will be implementing a series of verification and login, where our students and staff can have their details ready whenever they need as well as their separate screen for each.  In general, the website will be easy to use and assess.

